hey guys what's going on it's verbal and
yeah I bring a brand-new citrus to you
guys today son I'm really excited about
this one I'm taking a leaf out of Ortiz
book and with the new theater mode i'm
basically taking your guys's gameplay
and analyzing and hoping to help you
guys do better and maybe giving you a
few hints and tips and tricks of what
you could have done better or you know
pointing out things that you did really
really well so my first victim is my
buddy d rekt 914 who has a fantastic
game here and i'm gonna make a huge
shout out to a subscriber of mine
blameless Jack Jack had a fantastic idea
of doing this and you're basically
learning from tactics and knowledge and
kind of the way that I got into this to
be honest like I was searching modern
warfare 2 on the internet being like I
suck at this game and I want to do
better on me I'm gonna get more kills
like what's going on here and to me it
was like you know if I went even I
didn't really notice that before I was
going you know 9999 thought that was a
good game because I got 19 other kills
hey didn't realize I was still doing 19
in the deaths as well so that's kind of
what I'm here to bring you that sort of
instant tips of how to do well so let's
get into it so you saw earlier they were
put down a claim work now I love putting
down Claymore in a really high traffic
value spot so he's going to give a claim
or kill here in a second boom and this
is what the guy fell from his
perspective leaders walks into it but
there are so many other side of the map
at that point I think that's will really
good tacky I mean it's not about you
know putting a claymore down camping a
specific area to protect your back it's
putting a claymore down in a
high-traffic area that you think is
gonna get your killing and clearly keep
kicks ass doing it here so one thing
he's going to do here is use a lot of
map awareness I mean so he sees that the
guys going for the care package and
kills that guy and now with the radar
you know it is it though right behind
him and gets the knife kill which which
really really helps after capturing the
crate he's going to come around the
corner here to left and he's gonna pre
fire I highly recommend this doesn't
help in that situation and his buddy
saves him but here the third time around
this corner he jumps out and I wouldn't
actually recommend this because he took
on two guys at two areas I'm let's have
a look from the new cap so guy one to
his left and on one guy two in front of
him not a smart thing to do
because if those guys had been better
they would have take him down easily and
it's because of the you know Derek's
tremendous skill of the game and he's
easy and quick to get shots on target
and maybe combined a little bit with
with their lack of being able to do so
that helps him get the double kill their
pick-sixes mortars obviously and gives
himself another double kill and at this
point it's kind of a case of you know
he's running low on ammo he's he's at
the point where kind of you didn't done
I highly recommend this whomping out a
gun for another gun to keep yourself
going is you know vital in terms of
doing well at this game you need to be
flexible and guns you need to know how
each one of them work and you need to be
willing to take that second and get
yourself in cover pick up someone else's
weapon and you know get a bunch more
ammo so I think yeah like 11 shots left
and now he's got 35 in the clip on 59
back here however he makes mistake one
care package and one guy supporting him
and he does it often dive on top of the
care package yeah no wonder he got
himself killed right this is what the
new was looking at he shoots a grenade
and mrs. he's got to say that care
package right has horrible aim and still
manages eventually to kill T wreck and
then gets himself killed all right she
you know kills like that or deaths like
that off and and get on with it I would
not recommend doing what they were just
going to do here and watch how many
kills its gonna take for him to
successfully get this care of X that's
two already before even starts trying he
sees the mini-map is another two coming
and he happens to get really good shots
on and kill the last if Sam's four kills
and the fifth guy nearly killed him got
a lot of blood all over her screen right
this grenade was a well-placed by the
way if you know there's someone coming
awesome kick some ass also in a
situation like this I don't call this
camping to me if they're rushing you and
they're coming to their death and it's
all revenge kill go for it again here
with you know map knowledge and seeing
the red dot come around the corner he he
picks up his his last kill for his
mortars again calls those in and you
seen he already got a double clink
killing his mortar and boom there's the
next one kick some ass so he's doing
well I'm not a huge fan of morning I
wouldn't recommend them but the right
seems to be pretty good with them so
another thing I want to talk about is
accuracy the most part just try and get
shots near the guy near with autosys
will will help and when you're using a
crossbow like
this you know I got a question for you
guys you guys seem to think that your
extras or something are you extras
because I don't think you are and watch
it's two double kills here let's go back
and have a look at that from their
perspective he shoots near the guy so
watch the explosion near the guy now
watch the explosion near the person
that's all you need to be when you've
got you know an explosive device like
that just shooted in the wall next to
him don't need to aim right for his head
she somewhere close so that you might be
able to get the kill and that's kind of
wrapping up my first edition of this new
series i hope you guys enjoy if you're
interesting getting your gameplay on my
channel I would recommend shooting me a
note on xbox live because I want to make
sure I can get it from different angles
or you know see what I want to see about
this and I said 26 1 gameplay from Derek
a huge thanks to my buddy blameless
Jackie I will catch you guys soon take
it easy